Lore (not important):

After the player searched for weeks / months they finally found a spark of hope to get out of the control of the Enders. 
Exploring the glitch in Ishima reveals an entrance to another world. That world was dubbed "The Myrian".
The Myrian is the real world, where the Enders control . In the Myrian the player can fight The Enders directly.
The player can bring Sleeves to The Myrian with them in order to explore it and perhaps find a way out for good.
Due to gravity and atmosphere the stats of the sleeves and player are heavily nerfed. Also dying in The Myrian has
far greater consequences than inside simulations.

Big spoilers but it's a simulation, inside a simulation. There's no way out.

Mechanics:

The basic premise is that your sleeves go in The Myrian, walk and fight about on a 2d grid of tiles.
Obstacles can be removed, structures can be built. Power ups discovered.

The Myrian is a large grid of ~100x100 to 500x500 tiles, depending on performance, yet to be determined.
Alternatively we might use a cell-based approach, like 10 cell by 10 cells that are 20x20 tiles in size.
On that giant grid there is a starting point called the core.
Yourself and Sleeves can only enter and leave The Myrian when they are directly adjacent to the core.

Once both the player and a Sleeve is inside the Myrian, commands can be issued. The player cannot move
as they must stay in the core in order to keep the connection alive. But they must also be in the core in order
to be able to send commands to sleeves.

It is not possible to see all of The Myrian at once. Tiles are covered in a fog of war that is only
discovered when a sleeve gets close enough.

Inside The Myrian all the stats are nerfed immensely. Something like myrianstat = log10(original).
- Strength directly correlates to the amount of damage you deal in The Myrian, 2 strength = damage.
- Defense reduces damage taken, 2 defense = reduce damage by 2.
- Dexterity determines the speed of some `interact` calls, like attacking and breaking things.
- Agility detemines the speed of the `move` call as well as affects how far away a sleeve provides vision. 2 agility means can see from 2 tiles away.
- Hack determines the speed of some `interact` calls, like opening Power ups.
- Cha does nothing, as usual.

Each tile has 2 layers. The floor and the middle.
The floor is used to determine the speed that a sleeve needs in order to leave that tile.
A brick road is easier to naviguate on than a swampy tile.

The tile middle can be occupied by a variety of things.
Most common is empty. In that case something else can take it's place.
- Sleeves themselves.
- 1 core on the map.
- enemies, which move on their own, will hunt down the player units and attack them.
- buildings, which the player can place. Like turrets or walls.
- rock-like objects, that can be destroyed with enough time.
- Resource nodes. Which can be mined for materials used to build buildings.
- Power ups. Which can be used to upgrade sleeves stats in The Myrian.

The goal is to find the Ends core and destroy it. Ending the Bitnode.

API: 
    // interact is a very flexible function.
    // Interacting with an enemy will attack it.
    // With a chest will open it.
    // A rock will try to break it.
    async interact(sleeveId, x, y)

    // move a sleeve to the given coordinate. That tile must be 1 tile away
    // from the sleeves current position.
    async move(sleeveId, x, y)

    // Enter / leave The Myrian, give -1 or nothing for the player or something.
    enter(sleeveId)
    leave(sleeveId)

    build(sleeveId, buildingId, x, y)

    applyPowerup(sleeveId, stat)



